Improved control over JWT's typ claim (#2743)
bluesky-social/atproto: .changeset/gentle-horses-listen.md

---
"@atproto/xrpc-server": patch
---

> Ensure that service auth JWT headers contain an `alg` claim, and ensure that `typ`, if present, is set to `JWT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that service auth JWT headers contain an `alg` claim, and ensure that `typ`, if present, is not an unexpected type (e.g. not an access or DPoP token).
```
